Or right now.
So we want to display some information from our database right here right on this home page.
That's that Ph.D. This is our home page right now that's where I am locavores force less force less.
That's BHB.
So we have a table called posts with some Rosing there.
But in order for us to display some information here we need to insert some data into that table.
So let's go ahead and do that right now.
Select the table let's insert and let's just insert let's not or anything for the post ID since that
increments automatically post category.
We're not going to do that either.
Let's just say that we wanted to post title to be.
I don't know eling CIMS of course you can write whatever you want.
I'm just saying it's awesome.
Or actually othering see a mass BHB course
and has just put this like this here.
Peachi course is awesome.
Alter doing.
Yes that's my name by the way.
Let's put a date on it.
And this just say forever every 25.
And we don't have a pause image for that.
As a matter of fact we don't.
We're going to have to do some setting with image right now.
We're going to put some some content here and we're going to say something like wow I really really
liked this course and let's make the whole or somebody else because I shouldn't be liking my course.
I am actually kind of like my materia of John Doe is the name we're re some posts.
And we're going to call this Edwin.
Who's going to put some pokes Edwin or javascript.
Be some key words there.
Coming küng we don't have that and these on draft right now.
So let's just one row in of one incorrect into integer value so we made a mistake somewhere on the category
ID with end up with an ID for that.
All right.
Let's go back to it.
All right so he did insert some value there but is incorrect.
Let's just make an ID for you just to make BHB Miami a little happier with us.
All right.
So Bertha we have some data here that we can display.
All right so let's go ahead and do that.
All right so let's go and start changing some things around.
Let's go to the index and if we go see this.
This is going to be this is the page heading right here right here the title right here.
So we're going to be putting some of that title of the title that we got from the database here.
Let me replace some of this data H.T. mail which SS I mean Nazi SS BHB.
So where do we want to actually make our Querrey.
All right so I want to make our query very close to this here would I don't need to but I will.
So let's first go ahead and create a query and it's a call and it's actually right up the tax DHP.
I think sometimes I think the tax should be right should write themselves automatically just by looking
at them right.
Select all from where from polls.
All right.
That's all we got to do there.
And then we can just copy.
We don't have to write all this.
We can just copy from what we had on navigation right.
This is copies while statement right here.
I'm just going to copy all this renaming.
Really cool right.
I don't have to do all that but what I will do will change the names of some of these things.
So I went to navigation I just copy everything below the select all because I had to be using something
very similar.
So again get in the habit of copy and pasting things that way you don't know what you don't have to
write so much select all polls where we are right.
That's what I'm going to call this.
And we are.
Whoops sorry about my volume.
So
we're going to change this here by that perfect
and this is called post-Idol instead of cat title post-Idol this is coming from the database right here
remember that post title so this is the roll from the database make sure that you know that.
And then we are assigning a variable.
And of course we got to this play puls title.
Now we are not going to explain this in a tag sense.
This is going to be this plain and here right.
So let's just take this out.
All right.
That looks really that by itself there.
So now remember this is a loop here in no way.
Surely there is a thing here.
So this is a loop is going to loop through all the evidence we've got in our data from the pulse table
and is going to bring this back here.
But we want to make sure that we bring everything back.
We have a lot of things in our table that we need to bring back Ray.
We have a false ID category Id post title.
Let's bring what we need right now.
Let's bring the title let's bring the author so let's make a more copy and paste of here says we're
going to be needing some of this and I don't know how many of these we need and we're going to find
out right now in a minute.
So let's bring the title let's bring the author back.
Walter let's just copy this here.
You don't have to name the same if you don't want to but I like to do it just to keep simplicity what's
next after the day by the day the image and the content.
So they take the
image
and we've got to do something with that image just to we're going to do another function for the image
or I'll I'll show you in a minute and was the one content.
I think that's it.
I mean that's all we need for this right now.
All right Paul Staples content.
Yeah.
That's all we need for now.
So I'm just going to take the rest of this.
So we've got the title they alter the date the image and the content type to alter the date image in
the country perfect.
So we got those assigned to variables.
All right.
And we need to make this bigger here so you can see it
right.
We need to display many different posts and the way this is going to do is by going through the loop
because we need this data repeated over and over again Maji and we have more posts.
These data needs to repeat itself.
If I do everything outside right now I can go ahead.
I signed this variable here and here and here and here and with splaying one time we need to go actually
around this data.
Here is a male to reproduce this over and over again.
So I'm going to break out of this.
All right so I'm going to do this something like this.
Break out of BHB break go completely out of there and I'm going to take this and put it in there inside
that loop.
All right.
Right here.
Then come back here to there and I'm going to start THP again because I want to bring down bring in
this little thing right here.
There's a little curly bracket from BHB.
All right.
I need to close my loop with this.
That's what I'm doing right here.
So I'm turning off BHP and I'm closing the loop and then turning it back on here again to get this curly
bracket.
So here we're going to be playing some dynamic tests.
This is the page heading we're not going to concern ourselves with that right now but let's go ahead
and do some ph be right here for the title or post.
And you can see b b c I thought this was going to do that automatically but he doesn't complete this
stuff for me automatically echo.
And then we're going to echo what the post-Idol
pulls title.
There we go.
And it's just used seem to want to just take this out of here because we want to play something else
here when you play the pulse alter
and pulls to his play that day here take that out and just put the date on it.
And this is the contents right here.
So take that out and we say pulls content.
All right.
So I think we're done with this.
What do you think.
We're good.
All right.
So let's go ahead.
I think I think we're good to see.
I mean just make sure here that our data is being sent to light poles and we may have a mistake or two
but you know the funny thing about it is fixing it.
Let's see it see see how it works out.
Actually we don't have a stake.
Good.
If you do have a mistake don't worry about it just do it again.
So these days being pulled from the database as you can see the titles here at the MSP HP Causey's are
some by John Doe.
We have that date right here.
We have the content and we don't have the image right now because we have to add an extra step for the
image.
But I'll show you that in the following lectures.
All right so now we have some data.
All right.
Explain dynamically there and let's insert another pause and see what happens.
So let's go ahead insert some more data into this create another post and it's said this took Category
2.
Let's say this.
This is a javascript course course post.
I'm just writing random stuff.
And let's just say that the author is Belinda and the date is May be tomorrow or the day before this
to the day before this fight goes which we don't have one content.
Wow.
Man this is a really cool post.
Post can you call me Belinda.
Be careful please be careful.
All right so.
All right thanks.
This is javascript course actually javascript too or something like that and we're going to use this
lead on to use to show you that does the functionality of the search engine and it's just core's class.
BELINDA.
Polls coming count when I don't worry ourselves with that.
I think we're good to go and here's speech doesn't mess around with us.
PH BE MY admin.
Go.
Let's go ahead and check this out.
Refresh and if we go down we see the other polls right here.
Josquin of course post by Berlind date and Jarvis group course post right here content.
Actually we were all descending on the Konting side.
Let's go back to it and let's check it out.
No actually we wrote that we just have to see wild polls counterman.
This is really cool.
Right.
As NCM as causes us some.
All right let's just check it out real quick.
Berlind and its course is awesome.
All right.
Go ahead and post content right here.
We have the title.
We have the author.
We have some content right here pulls content so that should be explained.
Foal's can't unless I went in a database and made a boo somewhere here.
Polls other polls tied of course post.
We didn't write anything for content.
We actually we did right here post content.
Post ID to kind of ID it automatically we had some dates and here we were fresh scruples.
It looks like this is actually let's do it right and right click inspect element on it and just check
it out.
It's inserting the title in there right.
And I think I know the reason why he's doing that.
Let's go back to our.
Here we have the content and we have the title here instead of content.
There we go.
All right.
A little friendly mistake there.
So just know that we find the really fast refresh.
And now we should have the content explain that's that happens on time and when you do a copy and pasting
a lot.
So just get used to it.
So sometimes when this doesn't actually display the way you want to make sure you check what's coming
in for the databasing how you are applying those values.
So we see this wow I really like this course.
We see the counting is actually this playing really nice now.
Wow man this is really cool.
He's a really cool post can you call me.
All right.
So we can make as many as we want and it would keep going down down down.
Right.
So thank you so much for watching this lecture and I'll see you in the next one.
Take care.